00000000, 00067445, 00000000, 00000000, 00062B20
0, 422981, 0, 0, 404256
-------------------------
       COMMODORE INTRODUCES
         "SELECT EDITION"
       MS-DOS COMPATIBLE PCs
        FOR THE HOME OFFICE

LAS VEGAS, Nev. -- January 6, 1990 --
Commodore Business Machines Vice
President of Consumer Sales Robert
Larsen today announced the
introduction of Commodore's "Select
Edition" line of MS-DOS compatible
PCs. These high-performance,
value-added PCs were designed to meet
the demands of home productivity and
home office applications.

According to Larsen, the Select
Edition series was developed to round
out Commodore's complete line of
products foº the consumer marketplace.
The series offers three models, all
featuring a 286-based machine with a
color VGA monitor.

"The Select Edition series is
Commodore's affordable MS-DOS solution
for home productivity and the home
office" Larsen said. "They provide the
flexibility and performance that more
sophisticated consumers have come to
demand."

The Select Edition series includes:

 SELECT EDITION - Complete with 640K
 of RAM, two expansion slots and one
 5.25 inch and one 3.5 inch floppy
 drive already installed. The Select
 Edition is PC/XT compatible and can
 display color or monochrome graphics.

 of
products for the consumer marketplace.
The series offers three models, all
featuring a 286-based machine with a
color VGA monitor.

"The Select Edition series is
Commodore's affordable MS-DOS solution
for home productivity and the home
office" Larsen said. "They provide the
flexibility and performance that more
sophisticated consumers have come to
demand."

The Select Edition series includes:

 SELECT EDITION - Complete with 640K
 of RAM, two expansion slots and one
 5.25 inch and one 3.5 inch floppy
 drive already installed. The Select
 Edition is PC/XT compatible and can
 display color or monochrome graphics.

 SELECT EDITION HD-40 - Complete with
