000187E7, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00012DFB
100327, 0, 0, 0, 77307
-------------------------
environment for experimentation and
because it is largely
platform-independent.

Over the years, technology advances
have prompted constant re-evaluation
of the required platform. The
selection of the Commodore Amiga is a
realization of that re-evaluation
process.

According to Dr. Arthur, Virginia Tech
is the only university in the country
which requires its computer science
majors to purchase a particular UNIX
platform. Computer science students
become intimately familiar with the
UNIX operating system and underlying
concepts found on a wide range of
computers from mainframes to micros,
and will use the Amiga to perform
homework, in-class projects and term
papers.

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures and markets a complete
line of computers and peripherals for
the business, education, government
and consumer markets.

The multi-tasking Amiga line includes
the Commodore Amiga 500 (TM), the
Commodore Amiga 2000 (TM) and three
enhanced products: The Commodore Amiga
2000HD (TM), the Commodore Amiga 2500
(TM), the Commodore Amiga 2500/30
(TM), and the Amiga 3000 (TM).

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>