00000000, 0006260F, 00000000, 00000000, 000630D8
0, 402959, 0, 0, 405720
-------------------------
     COMMODORE INTRODUCES NEW
        AMIGA PERIPHERALS

LAS VEGAS, Nev, - Commodore Business
Machines, Inc. Amiga Product Manager
Keith Masavage today announced the
company is extending its line of
peripherals for the Commodore Amiga.

The new peripherals are designed to
substantially expand the utility of
the popular Amiga (R) product family
which is widely used in a number of
video, music, computer-based
training and presentation
applications. The move reflects
Commodore's ongoing commitment to
adding increased performance to its
sophisticated Amiga line by
providing additional processing
speed and interfacing capabilities.

"Users in a wide variety of
industries have demonstrated that
the Amiga is a versatile, high-
performance desktop computer,"
Masavage said. "These new products
will assist us as we work to expose
the Amiga to a larger audience."

Among the new peripherals to be
announced are:

COMMODORE AMIGA (R) 2630

The A2630 is a Motorola (R) 68030-
based accelerator board for the
Amiga 2000 series computers
which features a 25 Mhz MC68030
microprocessor, a 25 Mhz MC68882
math co-processor and a 68851
memory management unit.

The A2630 comes standard with 2 MB
of 32-bit memory and is expandable
to 4 MB. The 2630 provides the
professional Amiga user with a
dramatic performance increase for
math intensive applications such as
3-D solid modelling or
visualizations.

The suggested retail price for the
A2630 is $2,195.

COMMODORE (R) AMIGA 2091 AND 2091-40

The A2091 is a high-performance
autobooting hard disk controller and
memory expansion board. The device
can be fitted with 2 MB of memory
and provides improved SCSI
capabilities. Additionally, the
controller provides space for
mounting a 3.5-inch hard disk.

The more powerful A2091-40 is an
autobooting 40 MB SCSI hard disk
and controller which has been
incorporated as a standard component
into the Commodore Amiga 2000HD (TM)
and is also available as a
peripheral. It features sockets for
up to 2 MB of 16-bit fast RAM and
provides room to mount the 3.5-inch
SCSI hard disk on the board. With
the A2091-40 users can boot directly
from the Amiga's Fast File system,
decreasing boot times, increasing
performance and requiring fewer
disk partitions.

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">