00000000, 0000152E, 00000000, 00000000, 00007DED
0, 5422, 0, 0, 32237
-------------------------
COMMODOREEXPRESS EXPANDS COVERAGE

CommodoreExpress is an innovative
support program offered by Commodore
Business Machines through Federal
Express(R). The program provides the
Consumer Product end user with an
800 number "Helpline" 24 hours a day.
365 days a year. Trained professional
support specialists are available to
answer questions ranging from "How to
Hook Up the System" to analyzing
equipment in need of service.

This program is available to end users
who have bought machines marketed by
Commodore Business Machines. Pickup is
available from locations throughout
the United States.

Through Federal Express, Commodore
will arrange FREE pick-up of defective
product, repair or replace and return
the product AT NO CHARGE to the end
user during the warranty period. The
same service will become available for
out-of-warrany products AT A CHARGE by
August 13, 1990.

For in-warranty machines,
CommodoreExpress will arrange for FREE
pick-up and return of the defective
product through Federal Express. The
product will be repaired or replaced
at NO CHARGE to the end user. (All
in-warranty repairs REQUIRE written
proof of purchase dated within the
warranty period to accompany the
returned product).

For out-of-warranty machines,
CommodoreExpress will arrange for
pick-up and return of equipment.
Transportation method will be chosen
and paid for by the owner of the
equipment. A CommodoreExpress support
specialist will quote
"out-of-warranty" repair charges that
may be paid by Visa or MasterCard
prior to pick-up of the equipment, or
the end user may send a personal check
with the equipment to be repaired.
Both transportation and repair of
equipment may be paid by Visa,
MasterCard or personal check. C.O.D.
service is available at an extra
charge.


The products covered by
CommodoreExpress are:


The Amiga Consumer Line:


Amiga 500 Computer

Amiga 1010 and 1011 Disk Drives

Amiga 590 Hard Drive

Amiga 501 Memory Expander

Amiga 520 RF Modulator

1084 Monitor (including 1084S)

Amiga 1680 Modem

Amiga 500 Mouse

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">