00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 000CE7BE
0, 0, 0, 0, 845758
-------------------------
 COMMON QUESTIONS ON THE COMMODORE
   EDUCATIONAL PURCHASE PROGRAM

1. Does the Commodore education
purchase program end on June 30?

Ans: The Commodore Education Purchase
Plan does not end on June 30. The
program was started in January 1990
and will continue indefinitely. Since
the product selection and pricing is
reviewed by Commodore management
frequently, these are subject to
change without notice. There are no
plans to end the program.

2. Sales Tax: when do I pay?

Ans: End users in the following states
will pay sales tax:
PA, GA, VA, IL and CA. This is stated
on the current order form. The
collection of sales tax is based upon
legal notices given to Commodore about
the tax collextion requirements in
these states. If the tax laws change
and additional state require the
collextion of sales tax, Commodore
will add them to the list.

3. Do high school students qualify for
the education discount?

Ans: No. Only students enrolled in a
course of study at a post-secondary
Qualified Educational Institution and
are certified by the institution as
making significant progress towards a
degree qualify for the education
discount.

4. Can a qualified end user buy Amiga
components and options without the
purchase of a CPU or a bundled system?

Ans: Only until June 30, 1990 ($250
minimum order). After that date,
individual components may only be
purchased at the education price in
conjunction with a bundled system or
CPU.



          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>