00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 0006D1F3
0, 0, 0, 0, 446963
-------------------------
    COMMODORE APPOINTS DIONNE AND
     COPPERMAN TO NEW POSITIONS

NEW YORK, N.Y., January 4, 1991 --
Commodore International Limited
(NYSE:CBU) announced today the
appointment of James Dionne as General
Manager of its U.S. sales company,
succeeding Harold Copperman, who has
been appointed Vice President of
Commodore International Limited, with
new responsibilities, including Amiga
multimedia strategies.

Mr. Dionne has been with Commodore
eleven years, most recently as General
Manager of Commodore's Canadian sales
subsidiary. Mr. Copperman joined
Commodore in 1989.

Commodore also announced a reduction
was being made in the manpower of the
U.S. operations, primarily in the
areas of administration and factory
overhead. This action is partly due to
the reorganization of certain
functions and is expected to result in
improved operating efficiency.

Commodore International Limited,
through its operating subsidiaries
around the world, manufactures and
markets personal computers to
customers in the consumer, education,
professional and government market
sectors. The company has three product
lines: Amiga multimedia computers, PC
compatibles and C64 computers.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>