00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000
0, 0, 0, 0, 0
-------------------------
catholic 

The word catholic comes from the Greek
word Katholikos, meaning "universal."
It was first used by IGNATIUS OF
ANTIOCH (d. about AD 107) to
distinguish the entire body of
Christians from individual
congregations. Subsequently, the word
distinguished true believers from false
believers. After the break (1054)
between the Western church and the
Eastern church, it was used to identify
the Western church; the Eastern church
was called orthodox. At the time of the
REFORMATION in the 16th century, the
Church of Rome claimed the word
catholic as its title over the
Protestant or Reformed churches. In
England, catholic was retained to
describe the reformed, national church,
although a distinction was made between
"Roman" Catholics and members of the
Church of England. The term
Anglo-Catholic was coined at the time
of the OXFORD MOVEMENT in the 19th
century. In popular usage, Catholic
commonly designates a Christian
affiliated with the Church of Rome.
JOHN E. BOOTY
