00000000, 00062DD9, 00000000, 00000000, 00064C0C
0, 404953, 0, 0, 412684
-------------------------
       COMMODORE INTRODUCES
        AMIGA 2500/30 (TM)

  Higher-performance 2500 features
     68030 Processor and 68882
         Math Co-Processor

LAS VEGAS, Nev. - Commodore Business
Machines, Inc. today launched the
Amiga 2500/30 at Comdex. The
enhanced A2500 meets the needs of
graphics, animation and video
professionals who require higher-
performance features to accomplish
high-speed Amiga applications. The
A2500/30 is also highly desirable
for desktop publishing, music, word
processing and many other business
applications.

"The high-performance Amiga 2500,
which has been on the market for
one year, has flourished within the
markets for which it was designed,"
said David Archambault, Commodore
Director of Business Markets. "We
developed the A2500/30 to meet both
the demands of our customers and
the increasingly sophisticated
applications being produced by
Amiga developers."

Archambault said the advanced
graphics capability of the Amiga
series is ideally suited to color
desktop publishing and presentation,
computer-based training as well as
professional video and music
applications. He said the Amiga
also is the ideal multimedia
platform.

The Commodore Amiga 2500/30 comes
standard with a Motorola 68030-based
co-processor card running at 25 Mhz
with 2 MB of 32-bit RAM, (expandable
to 4 MB of 32-bit RAM). In addition,
the system features a 25 MB 68882
math co-processor, a 68851 memory
management unit, 1 MB of 16-bit
"chip" RAM; a built-in 880K, 3.5
inch floppy disk drive; a pre-
configured, high-performance 40 MB
hard disk drive and autobooting SCSI
hard disk controller; custom sound,
animation and graphics chips; RS232
serial and parallel connectors; and
two RCA-type audio output jacks.

Special features that give users an
unparalleled flexibility advantage
are two bridgeboards allowing the
A2500/30 to run both MS-DOS (R)
hardware and software.

The open architecture of the Amiga
2000 series computers allows for
extensive internal expansion with
multi-processor, multi-DOS options.
Contained in the Amiga 2500/30 are
five full-size Amiga expansion slots;
two standard PC/XT slots; two PC/AT
slots; a CPU expansion slot
(occupied) and a video expansion
slot.

The Amiga 2500/30 will be available
through authorized Commodore Amiga
dealers at a suggested retail price
of $4,699. Owners of an A2000 family
Amiga can upgrade their existing

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">