00000000, 00067D1A, 00000000, 00000000, 00067CFE
0, 425242, 0, 0, 425214
-------------------------
     COMMODORE TO PARTICIPATE IN
             "TECH 2000"
  AMERICA'S FIRST MULTIMEDIA MUSEUM

WEST CHESTER, Pa. -December 5, 1989-
Commodore Business Machines, Inc.
today announced the company is a
participating sponsor of "Tech 2000,"
the world's first interactive
multimedia gallery.

Located near the Washington Convention
Center at Techworld Plaza in
Washington D.C., the gallery will
feature the most advanced applications
and demonstrations of interactive
multimedia computing by Commodore and
other leaders in the field. Tech 2000,
which opens to the public in January
1990, is expected to draw more than
one million visitors annually.

The gallery, developed by Techworld
Plaza and the Interactive Video
Industry Association (IVIA), was
previewed Nov. 28, 1989, at a private
showing hosted by IVIA. The showing
precedes a National Leadership Forum,
entitled "Productivity and Learning in
the Visual Information Age," which was
held Nov. 29-30 at Techworld Plaza.

The IVIA is an international trade
association whose members, including
corporations, government agencies,
institutions and individuals, produce
equipment, software and programming
for interactive video applications.

Ten Commodore (R) Amiga (R) computers
form an integral part of the exhibit,
according to David Archambault,
Commodore's Director of Business
Markets. He said the Amigas, which
operate interactive kiosks directing
visitors through the exhibit, help
make Tech 2000 "user accessible."

"The Amiga is widely used in a number
of video, graphics and music
applications in addition to its use in
the color desktop publishing,
presentation and computer-based
training markets," Archambault said.
"Since introducing the product in
1985, Commodore has offered a true
multimedia platform in the Amiga which
has ideally positioned us to take
advantage of these high-growth
markets."

According to Archambault, video is the
key component of multimedia. In fact,
BUSINESS WEEK recently called
Commodore the leader in the desktop
video niche (October 9).

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures and markets a complete
line of computers and peripherals for
the business, education, government
and consumer markets.

The multi-tasking Amiga line includes
the Commodore Amiga 500 (TM), the
Commodore Amiga 2000 (TM) and three
enhanced products: The Commodore Amiga
2000HD (TM), the Commodore Amiga 2500
(TM) and the Commodore Amiga 2500/30
(TM). Commodore's line of MS-DOS (R)

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">