00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00061520
0, 0, 0, 0, 398624
-------------------------
          HAROLD COPPERMAN
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
  COMMODORE BUSINESS MACHINES, INC.

Harold D. Copperman was named
President and Chief Operating Officer
of Commdore Business Machines, the
United States subsidiary of Commdore
International Limited, on April 24,
1989.

Copperman, 42, was formerly Vice
President and General Manager, Eastern
Operations, Apple Computer, Inc., a
position he held since joining the
company in September 1987. His
responsibilities included sales,
marketing support and distribution for
Apple's Eastern Region. He also
managed Apple's Federal Systems Group.

Copperman also served with
International Business Machines for
twenty years, most recently as
National Director of Marketing for the
company's Academic Information Systems
Business Unit. He joined IBM as a
Systems Engineer in 1967. From
1970-1982, he worked for IBM's Data
Processing Division and held a variety
of sales, marketing and management
positions. In 1983, he joined IBM's
National Marketing Division, where he
was named Director of Marketing,
followed by appointment as Regional
Manager. In 1986, he assumed national
responsibility for IBM's sales and
marketing in higher education.

A graduate of Rutgers University,
Copperman holds a B.S. in Mechanical
Engineering.


          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>