000C06C6, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 000C4270
788166, 0, 0, 0, 803440
-------------------------
communicate with Novell Networks
running Novell NetWare Version 2.15 or
higher. The software features password
security and provides the user with
two interfaces: a text-oriented
interface or the Amiga mouse-based
interface. Users can utilize the
Amiga's multitasking feature to
simultaneously run other programs
under AmigaDOS and/or the MS-DOS with
Amiga Bridgeboard (TM) options.

Suggested retail price is $149.


o TCP/IP and NFS Software

TCP/IP and NFS software provide the
Amiga with connectivity to DoD and
other networks which support either of
these standard packet-switching
protocols. This new software for the
Amiga will provide users with access
to the widely installed far-reaching
communications networks employing the
TCP/IP standard.

Several developers for the Amiga are
already supporting TCP/IP and/or NFS
for their networking software
products. These include the X-Windows
System (TM) from GfxBase and TSSnet
from Syndesis.

Suggested retail for the TCP/IP and
NFS software is $199.


Other networking solutions currently
available for the Amiga platform
include:

o DECnet.

TSSnet (Thursby Software Systems),
an Amiga implementation of DECnet
(Digital Network Architecture),
is available from Syndesis
Corporation.


o X-Window System.

The X-Window System, available from
GfxBase, enables computers to run
applications on other machines while
displaying the program's output and
interfacing with the program from
their Amiga system.


o Peer-to-Peer Network.

A peer-to-peer network, manufactured
by UK-based Hydra Systems, provides
communication capabilites for Amigas
sharing hard and floppy disk drives as
well as devices connected to an
Amiga's parallel or serial ports
(printers, modems, etc.).

For more information on Commodore
networking capabilities, contact Walt
Simpson, director of product
marketing, Commodore Business
Machines, 1200 Wilson Drive, West
Chester, PA 19380 or call
215-431-9100.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>