000C9F74, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 000CC76D
827252, 0, 0, 0, 837485
-------------------------
integration of AREXX into the AmigaDOS
operating system will facilitate the
control of external programs from
within any application supporting
AREXX, Simpson said. This feature,
coupled with Commodore's new
AmigaVision (TM) authoring system,
creates a powerful multitasking
environment for the creation of
multimedia presentations.

Along with the A3000 announcement,
Commodore introduced a number of
strategic software and peripheral
products, including:

o AmigaVision authoring system;

o Networking products providing
connectivity with Arcnet, Novell (R)
NetWare, Ethernet, TCP/IP and NFS
standards;

o Monitors, including 2024 high
resolution monochrome and 1950 color
multiscan; and

o Commodore Amiga 10 Stereo Audio
Compact Speakers.

Commodore further announced an
AmigaDOS 2.0 enhancer ket for the
A2000 series machines to be available
in September.

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures and markets a complete
line of computers and peripherals for
the business, education, government
and consumer markets.

The multi-tasking Amiga line includes
the Commodore Amiga 500 (TM), the
Commodore Amiga 2000 (TM) and three
enhanced products: The Commodore Amiga
2000HD (TM), the Commodore Amiga 2500
(TM) and the Commodore Amiga 2500/30
(TM). Commodore's line of MS-DOS (R)
compatible computers includes the
Select Edition (TM) and Professional
Series III (TM).

For more information on the Amiga
3000, contact Walt Simpson, director
of product marketing, Commodore
Business Machines, 1200 Wilson Drive,
West Chester, PA 19380 or call
215-431-9100.


          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>