00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00062E6E
0, 0, 0, 0, 405102
-------------------------
     COMMODORE ADJUSTS PRICES
       FOR AMIGA 2000 SERIES

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.
today announced price adjustments
for it's high-performance Amiga
2000 product line to make the
products more accessible to
professional users. Lloyd Mahaffey,
Commodore Vice President of
Marketing, said price reductions for
the product line were in the 10%-15%
range. The Amiga 2000, for example,
now is being offered at a suggested
retail price of $1,899, down from
$2,195.

"We believe these price adjustments
will point out the Amiga's price-
performance superiority," Mahaffey
said. "The move is another step we are
taking to increase our competitive
edge in the U. S. marketplace."

Mahaffey said the price adjustments
were also designed to speed
acceptance of the Amiga in the
business, government and education
markets. He said the machine is
being touted as the ideal platform
for multimedia computing which is
expected to become a multi-billion
dollar industry by the early 1990s.

Since Harold Copperman became
President of Commodore U. S. in
April, the company has placed
substantial resources behind the
Amiga. Last month, the company
launched a $15 million advertising
campaign to promote the Amiga's
versatile graphics, video and music
capabilities.

"We anticipate stronger Amiga sales
in these markets as new users
discover the product's broad
capabilities and as multimedia takes
hold," Copperman said. "We expect
these pricing adjustments will be a
mechanism to build on the Amiga's
current popularity and increase its
presence in the markets we are
pursuing."

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures and markets a complete
line of computers and peripherals
for the business, education,
government and consumer markets.

The multi-tasking Amiga line
includes the Commodore Amiga
2000 (TM), the Commodore Amiga
500 (TM), and three enhanced
products: the Commodore Amiga
2000HD (TM), the Commodore Amiga
2500 (TM), and the Commodore Amiga
2500/30 (TM). Commodore's line of
MS-DOS(R)-compatible computers
includes the Colt (TM) and
Professional Series III (TM).



          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>