0006AF62, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00069E20
438114, 0, 0, 0, 433696
-------------------------
out letters via a mail merge program
and inputting a word processing
program.

The Commodore Amiga 500 (R) computer
was designed for home productivity,
education and entertainment
applications, including home desktop
video, animation, music composition
and games. It provides state of the
art computer performance, power and
flexibility in a convenient and
attractively priced package.

The Amiga 2000 (R), 2000HD (R),
2500 (R) and 2500/30 (R) target
business, professional and education
users with applications ranging from
video pre- and post-production ´o live
presentations and CADroduction to live
presentations and CAD engineering
workstations and can be expanded for
MS-DOS compatibility.


THE MS-DOS COMPATIBLE LINE


Commodore's MS-DOS compatible line
includes the powerful Professional
Series III computers and the Commodore
Colt PC, an affordable home computer
that comes ready-for-use with
WORDSTAR/COLT word pprocessing
software. All Commodore MS-DOS
compatible computers are fully
expandable and adaptable for a variety
of applications.

Commodore's Professional Series III
computers include the PC10-III (TM),
PC20-III (TM) and PC40-III (TM)
models. They feature reliable,
high-speed performance needed to
support advanced business productivity
software, as well as built-in graphic
adapters, video and mouse interfaces
and parallel and serial ports.


THE 64/128 LINE


This series of computers continues to
generate a loyal and versatile
following of Commodore "enthusiasts"
with a worldwide user base of ten
million. Each machine can be
customized with a variety of hardware
and peripheral options.

The Commodore 64C is an all-purpose
computer for the home and school
environment supported by more than
10,000 software programs. The Commdore
128 provides access to a wealth of
business, educational and recreational
software and operates in a unique
tri-mode operating environment,
allowing users to select any of three
different operating modes.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>