00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 0006743D
0, 0, 0, 0, 422973
-------------------------
 COMMODORE "TEST PILOT" BUNDLE HELPS
 FIRST-TIME COMPUTER USERS 'TAKE OFF'

LAS VEGAS, Nev. --January 6, 1990--
Selecting a computer for the first
time user can be a challenging, if not
itimidating, experience. A surprising
number of all electronic purchases end
up back on the store shelves, and
personal computers top the list.

This year, Commodore Business Machines
launched "Test Pilot," a computer
start-up package designed especially
for first-time computer buyers.

"There's a lot more to learning to use
a computer than plugging it in," said
Bob Larson, Commodore vice president of
consumer sales. "Faced with spending
hours at a keyboard struggling to
understand complicated directions, many
first-time buyers simply give up."

"Test Pilot" comes complete with a
Commodore 64 machine, step-by-step
set-up and operating instructions and
an assortment of starter software and
game disks designed to take the fear
out of computer users' "first flight."
The package retails for $499.

Commodore expects the "Test Pilot"
offering to boost sales of the 64C
machine, which remains the most popular
home computer ever sold. Today there
are more Commodore 64s in use than any
other computer, with more than 10
million machines installed worldwide.

"The Commodore 64C is an ideal starter
machine," said Larsen. "Unlike
Nintendo, it is much more than just fun
and games."

In addition to offering more than 7,000
titles, including games, at about half
the price of Nintendo, the 64C can also
run more sophisticated word processing
and educational programs.

"The 64C is not a computer that
children will outgrow," according to
Larsen. "The 64"s wide-ranging
capabilities will keep the machine in
its rightful place after the games are
put away -- on a desk rather than on a
closet shelf."

Commodore's "Test Pilot" is available
at leading Commodore dealers and
selected retailers nationwide. For more
information on where to find "Test
Pilot," call 1-800-627-9595.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>