00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 0006DD08
0, 0, 0, 0, 449800
-------------------------
         C. LLOYD MAHAFFEY
      VICE PRESIDENT MARKETING
  COMMODORE BUSINESS MACHINES, INC.

C. Lloyd Mahaffey, Vice President,
Marketing, joined Commodore Business
Machines in July of 1989.

Prior to Commodore, he spent 6 years
with Apple Computer, Inc. in a range
of sales and marketing assignments
including Regional Sales Manager,
Southeastern United States, Director,
US Education Sales and Marketing in
Cupertino, California, and most
recently, Director, Federal Systems
Group in Washington, D.C. During his
tenure, Mr. Mahaffey was responsible
for much of the success that Apple has
enjoyed within these two strategic
markets.

Additional experiences include Branch
Sales and Marketing Manager for
Honeywell's Control Systems Division
and Director, Corporate Systems for
PCA International, a multi-national
manufacturing firm located in
Charlotte, N.C.

Mr. Mahaffey, 34, is a graduate of The
Citadel and Stanford University.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>