000CE670, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 000C2C67
845424, 0, 0, 0, 797799
-------------------------
ease.

AmigaVision provides a flow-chart type
iconic interface programming
environment featuring a single control
screen/menu. The operating system's
AREXX (TM) communications protocol
support allows applications to
interact with programs in the same or
other networked machines.

The system will be bundled with all
Amiga 2000 and 3000 series machines.
For existing owners, AmigaVision is
available at Authorized Commodore
Amiga Resellers for a suggested retail
of $149.

Mahaffey said AmigaVision is a key
component of Commodore's product
marketing strategy for the Amiga
family. While professional users
comprise the majority of multimedia-
related markets today, future plans
call for penetration into the consumer
markets as home users begin to
discover the benefits of multimedia.

For more information on AmigaVision
(TM), contact David Archambault,
director of business markets,
Commodore Business Machines, 1200
Wilson Drive, West Chester, PA 19380
or call 215-431-9100.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>