00000000, 000CC76D, 00000000, 00000000, 000C9F74
0, 837485, 0, 0, 827252
-------------------------
   COMMODORE EXTENDS POPULAR AMIGA
 PRODUCT LINE INTRODUCES AMIGA 3000
        AT "MULTIMEDIA LIVE"

   (EXPECTED SHIP DATE: JULY 1990)

NEW YORK, NY -- April 24, 1990 --
Commodore Business Machines President
Harold Copperman and his aggressive
new management team today dramatically
defined multimedia as the company
introduced the latest in its popular
line of Amiga personal computers at a
live multimedia demonstration at the
Palladium. The powerful and elegant
new Amiga (R) 3000 brings enhanced
performance capabilities and a new
AmigaDOS (TM) 2.0 to the company's
line of multimedia products.

"The 3000 marks the first step in our
new Amiga product marketing strategy
and reinforces our serious bid to
capture greater market share within
the business, government and higher
education markets," said Commodore
Vice President of Marketing C. Lloyd
Mahaffey. "We've delivered an
incredibly competitive hardware system
featuring lower cost, higher
performance and added communications
capabilities."

Mahaffey said key product features
include a 16 or 25 MHz, 68030 Motorola
processor, a 68881 or 68882 math
coprocessor, a true 32-bit
architecture, 2 MB of memory standard
(with address space of over one
gigabyte) and, as in all Amigas, true
multitasking capability. The standard
Amiga 3000 comes with a 40 MB hard
drive and a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive
and features a SCSI interface for
added communication capability.
Commodore also offers a 100 MB
configuration.

Suggested retail price is $3,299 for
the 16 MHz version, $3,999 for the 25
MHz version and $4,499 for the 100 MB
version. Shipments are expected to
begin in July. Demonstration units are
available at participating Authorized
Commodore Amiga Reseller locations.

Commodore Director of Product
Marketing Walt Simpson said the
price/performance of the A3000 results
from the effective integration of the
Amiga's three custom chips with five
new custom gate arrays which serve a
variety of functions including bus
arbitration, RAM memory handling,
SCSI device handling and video
enhancing.

The Amiga 3000 also features a new
operating system, AmigaDOS 2.0, which
significantly enhances the look and
functionality of the platform, Simpson
said. Besides the new look, standards
have been created for all system
utilities, icons, requester and
gadgets to permit ease-of-use by both
users and programmers, he said.

In addition, Commodore announced the
inclusion of the AREXX (TM)
interprocess communications protocol
and programming language. The

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">