00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00013AEB
0, 0, 0, 0, 80619
-------------------------
      LETTER TO DEVELOPERS FROM
      JEFF SCHERB, COMMODORE'S
      VICE PRESIDENT-COMMODORE
      APPLICATION AND TECHNICAL
      SUPPORT (CATS)

The following is a letter to
developers from Jeff Scherb in
response to an erroneous report
regarding the company's support for
CDTV -- the company's CD-ROM product
-- currently in development.


August 9, 1990

Dear Developer:

A small news item appeared recently in
Video Games and Entertainment Magazine
which had all of West Chester in quite
an uproar. The headline was "Commodore
Pulls The Plug On Entertainment
Software." This article claimed that
Commodore had recently sent letters to
all entertainment software houses
currently developing software for the
Amiga "game machine" (CDTV), informing
that we were concentrating not on
entertainment, but only on education.

NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE
TRUTH. As you all know, the Amiga has
achieved the level of popularity it
has (1.8 million machines as of June,
1990) because it is the best home
entertainment and game machine on the
market, regardless of price. Te main
target audience for CDTV is the group
of adults who want to provide their
families with interactive multimedia
information, education, and
entertainment. Clearly, entertainment
and game software will be a key reason
for buying the CDTV machine.

Gail Wellington and the entire CDTV
crew are very interested in hearing
from you regarding development
projects for CDTV. They are looking
for education, information,
entertainment and game titles which
will provide compelling reasons for
consumers to adopt this new
technology.

As always, the applications will drive
the market for the machine, and
Commodore is very interested in
working with Amiga developers in
exploring this new market.

Sincerely,

Jeff Scherb,
Vice President Applications and
Technical Support

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>