00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 000633DB
0, 0, 0, 0, 406491
-------------------------
        COMMODORE ANNOUNCES
      EDUCATION PURCHASE PLAN

Commodore announced the Education
Purchase Plan for students, educators
and educational institutions to
regional and district sales managers
on Friday, December 22, 1989. Details
of the program, complete with official
order forms should reach local dealers
by December 29th.

Four complete Amiga(R) systems have
been especially configured to meet the
needs of educators and students at
every level. The A500 system includes
the CPU, memory expansion and external
drive. The A2000 system includes an XT
bridgeboard and second internal drive.
The 2000HD/1 and the 2500/30 systems
are bundled with an AT bridgeboard.
All of the specially-configured Amiga
systems include a monitor. Also
included are two PC Compatible systems
complete with MS-DOS(R) and
productivity software and the C64C
Test Pilot bundle.

Educators, university students who are
working towards a degree, and others
involved in the instructional process,
will be eligible for special pricing
on the bundled systems. Significant
discounts are also available on
individual CPU's and peripherals when
purchased along with an Amiga CPU or
one of the specially-configured
bundles.

Education Purchase Plan order forms
have been provided to authorized
Commodore resellers. The forms
provided by Commodore are the only
acceptable forms for purchases by
individual educators and university
students. Employment or attendance
information must be verified by a
Commodore reseller before it can be
submitted for order processing.
Payment must be made by certified
check or money order payable to
"Commodore Business Machines, Inc."

Accredited schools, colleges and
universities are eligible for similar
pricing on both systems and individual
CPU's. School purchase orders should
be made to "Commodore Business
Machines, Inc.," and should reference
Commodore's Institutional Terms and
Conditions.

For complete information regarding the
program and education pricing, contact
your local Commodore reseller.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>