00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 0006A061
0, 0, 0, 0, 434273
-------------------------
         ROBERT J. LARSEN
  VICE PRESIDENT OF CONSUMER SALES
  COMMODORE BUSINESS MACHINES, INC.

Robert J. Larsen was named Vice
President of Consumer Sales of
Commodore Business Machines, the
United States Subsidiary of Commodore
International Limited, on July 28,
1989.

Larsen, who was Senior Vice President
of Casio, Inc. with responsibility for
the Electronic Musical Instruments and
Professional Dealer Products
Divisions, brings to Commodore more
than 25 years of experience in
electronics design, manufacturing,
marketing, sales and business
management. During his tenure at
Casio, Larsen directed the growth of
the company's music business from zero
to over $200 million, representing a
55 percent share of the market.

From 1967 to 1973 Larsen was employed
by Whippany Electronics Inc. as
Engineer, followed by an appointment
to Assistant General Manager. Prior
to his tenure at Casio, Larsen served
eight years with Artisan Electronics
Corp., finishing his term there as
Marketing Manager in 1980.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>