00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 0006BFBB
0, 0, 0, 0, 442299
-------------------------
      COMMODORE(R) REWARDS USERS
    WITH INSIDE TRACK ON AMIGA 3000

West Chester, PA. April 29, 1991 --
Commodore's new Amiga(R) Power Up
Program for current users means
trade-up, not trade-in.

The unique trade-up program launched
today does not require customers to
give up their current Commodore CPUs.
Existing system ownership qualifies
customers to purchase the company's
most powerful CPU, the Amiga 3000, at
savings up to $1500 from the
manufacturer's suggested retail price.

The Commodore and Commodore-Amiga
products that are eligible to be used
in the Power Up Program are:
VIC-20(R), Commodore 64(R), Commodore
128(TM), or Amiga 500, 1000, or 2000
series microcomputers.  To prove
current ownership of a Commodore CPU,
owners are required to write the
serial number of their CPU on the
cover of the original owner's manual.
The cover is then submitted with your
order for an A3000 to your
participating authorized Commodore
dealer.  The program's trade-up values
are assigned to the purchase of new
Amiga 3000 series systems.

The Amiga Power Up Program provides up
to the following savings:

CPU Model#     MSRP  Power-Up Savings

A3000 16/50   $2,999      $1,150

A3000 25/50   $3,499      $1,250

A3000 25/100  $4,699      $1,500

"The Amiga Power Up Program is
designed for the widest acceptance and
support from our existing customer
base," said David Archambault,
director of business marketing.  "The
program is both a reward and an
incentive.  It rewards our user base
with the option for saving money and
encourages ownership of the
versatility provided by the most
advanced technology Commodore offers."

The offer is available until June 30,
1991 at participating Commodore
dealers.  Contact your authorized
Commodore dealer for additional
details.

Call 1-800-66-AMIGA to locate your
nearest dealer.

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures a complete line of
computers for the business, education,
government and consumer markets.

Commodore (R), Commodore 64(R),
Commodore 128(TM), and VIC-20(R) are
trademarks of Commodore Electronics
Limited.  Amiga(R) is a trademark of
Commodore-Amiga, Inc.

          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>