00000000, 000C4270, 00000000, 00000000, 000C06C6
0, 803440, 0, 0, 788166
-------------------------
 COMMODORE ADDS EXTENSIVE NETWORKING
   CAPABILITIES ANNOUNCES PLANS TO
     EXPAND GROWING AMIGA MARKETS

    (Expected ship date: June 1990)

NEW YORK, NY --April 24, 1990 --
Commodore Business Machines President
Harold Copperman today introduced a
wide variety of networking
capabilities for the company's popular
line of Amiga personal computers
during a spectacular multimedia
presentation at the Palladium. The
company also unveiled the newest
addition to the Amiga family, the
Amiga 3000, and a new multimedia
authoring system called AmigaVision
(TM).

Commodore Vice President of Marketing
C. Lloyd Mahaffey said the
announcements are a key component in
Commodore's strategy to significantly
penetrate the business, higher
education and government markets. He
said today's introduction marks the
first time Commodore has marketed
Amiga networking products. Shipping is
expected to begin in June.

"Adding networking capabilities to the
Amiga has been a priority since our
team took over at Commodore last
spring," Mahaffey said. "We're
convinced that this added capability
will greatly anhance the appeal of the
Amiga in an office or campus
environment and increase our
competitiveness in the U.S. market."

Networking products introduced today
include the following:

o The A2065 Ethernet Network Adaptor

The Amiga Ethernet Network Adaptor
runs at 10 megabits per second and
provides full ANSI 802.3 type Ethernet
protocols over both thick and thin
Ethernet connections. The networking
product gives Amiga users access to
the widely installed Ethernet
networking standard.

Suggested retail price is $349.


o The A2060 Arcnet Network Adaptor

The Arcnet Network Adaptor, now
available for the Amiga, provides full
Arcnet bus protocols over Arcnet bus
topology networks. The 2.5 Mbps Arcnet
Network Adaptor supports up to 256
nodes and features a socket for
optional autoboot ROM. It also
provides buffered memory to enhance
inter-system communications.

Suggested retail price for the A2060
is $229.


o The AS220 Amiga Client for Novell
(R) NetWare

With Commodore's introduction of the
Amiga Client for NetWare, the Amiga
now has the caoability of utilizing
Commodore's A2060 adaptor to

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">