00000000, 00061535, 00000000, 00000000, 00062184
0, 398645, 0, 0, 401796
-------------------------
    COMMODORE FORMS MUTLIMEDIA
         MARKETING GROUP

WESTCHESTER, Pa. - Commodore
Business Machines, Inc. Director
of Busness Markets David Archambault
today announced Commodore has formed
a multimedia marketing group headed
by former Disney producer Ken
Christie, a well known and highly-
regarded video professional with ten
years of marketing and creative
experience in the video production
and interactive video industry.

The announcement comes at a time
when Commodore's multi-tasking Amiga
product line is being recognized as
the ideal platform for multi-media
computing. Archambault said the
Amiga currently is in use in a wide
variety of video, graphics and
music applications which make it a
versatile multimedia tool.

"It is true that for several years
Commodore has offered a true
multimedia platform in the Amiga,"
Archambault said. "Based on our own
forecasts of near-term growth in
this market, we chose to add a
multimedia group to our marketing
organization to ensure the Amiga
remains the industry leader."

According to Archambault, Commodore
plans to aggressively pursue the
computer-based training and desktop
presentation market segments, in
particular. He said the company
intends to expand its presence in
the market by leveraging its clear
lead in desktop video which is the
backbone of multimedia.

"Taking the lead in multimedia is
but one component of our strategy to
make the significant inroads into
the U.S. business computer market,"
Archambault said. "We are excited by
the proven marketing expertise and
comprehensive knowledge of the video
industry Ken Christie brings to our
team."

During his three years with Walt
Disney Productions, Christie was
responsible for the design,
development and productions of 90
interactive and linear videodisc
programs for EPCOT Center. He was
most recently Vice President of
Marketing for Nebraska Interactive
Video, Inc. A founding member of the
Interactive Video Industry
Association (IVIA) and current
President of the International
Interactive Communications Society,
Christie's articles have been
published in a variety of video
publications.

At Commodore he will be responsible
for the management of Amiga
marketing programs in desktop and
professional video, interactive
video and professional music. His
team will integrate these areas to
enhance Commodore's position in the
multimedia industry.


  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">